resources:
https://craftercms.org/blog/2021/09/what-is-material-ui

https://www.toptal.com/designers/ui/why-use-material-design

https://flatlogic.com/blog/bootstrap-vs-material-ui-which-one-to-use-for-the-next-web-app/



I've chosen Material UI as my preferred framework choose due to fact it has great cohesion with React.JS. As Material UI 
provides React components out-of-the-box which will quickly get my React application up and running, 
saving me a significant amount of time in the process. Due to React.js being the most used web development framework in 2021,
it would make sense to use Material UI. Material UI is quite dynamic and functional as it will allow me to easily set and customize themes that 
can be generally applied and accessed across all of my components. That means I can customize components' theme color(s), 
palette information, surface properties, and many other stylings. Because of this, I'll have consistency throughout my components.
Futhermore, Material UI documentation is well-structured and easily reachable. Also, there are several code examples I can use to practice or 
understand any implementation which will avoid poor documentation.

Material Design original use or purpose was primarily for mobile development. Mobiles have smaller screens and, as a 
result, less space to place elements and information, the solution from Material UI is to use animation, layers, sliders, pop-ups.
Its has user-friendly feature that takes user feedback in the form of haptic feedback and subtle animations.
As mobile development is trending now it sees fit for me to use Material Design since its an easy transition to move web apps
to mobile apps. To add on Material UI has great support for developers who use it bugs or other issues will be nullified thanks to its 
active team and regular updates and features. With several minor releases yearly, I can get access to new features, components, 
and extensions. On top of that, each release features detailed and comprehensive documentation.